DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/java-agent/getting-started/compatibility-requirements-java-agent.mdx

  - Getting started
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'The APM Java agent: compatibility and requirements.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: The APM Java agent: compatibility and requirements.
```
